docs: Edge Function docs (#18738)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/functions/connect-to-postgres.mdx

  id: 'examples-postgres-on-the-edge',
  title: 'Connecting directly to Postgres',
  description: 'Connecting to Postgres from Edge Functions.',
  subtitle: 'Connecting to Postgres from Edge Functions.',
  tocVideo: 'cl7EuF1-RsY',
}

> There are various ways to connect to your Postgres database using Edge Functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connect to your Postgres database from an Edge Function by using the `supabase-js` client.
You can also substitute any other Postgres client.
```

## Using supabase-js

The `supabase-js` client is a great option for connecting to your Supabase database since it handles authorization with Row Level Security, and it automatically formats your response as JSON.

```ts index.ts

> import { serve } from 'https://deno.land/std/http/server.ts'
> import { createClient } from 'https://esm.sh/@supabase/supabase-js'
> 
> serve(async (_req) => {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { createClient } from 'https://esm.sh/@supabase/supabase-js'

Deno.serve(async (_req) => {
```
